Documented that agent uses PHP's error_reporting (#938)
elastic/apm-agent-php: docs/configuration.asciidoc

elastic_apm.log_level_syslog=TRACE
----

[float]
[[configure-php-error-reporting]]
=== PHP errors as APM error events
The agent automatically creates APM error events for PHP errors triggered by the monitored application.

> APM error events are created only for PHP errors which level passes

Reviewer: I'd change the wording up a little here. Maybe this?

```suggestion
APM error events are created only for PHP errors with error levels past the
```

Author: @bmorelli25  Thank you for suggestion. I am not sure about word "past" - can it be used as a verb?
What I would like to convey is the following:
- PHP itself (not Elastic APM PHP Agent) has a configuration setting [`error_reporting`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.error-reporting.php) which is used to select errors with which level should be reported. `error_reporting` is a bit mask with bits for error levels that should be reported set to 1 and bits for error levels that should not be reported set to 0.
- Elastic APM PHP Agent also essentially "reports" errors by creating Elastic APM error events and we would like to report the same set of errors by using the same configuration setting - PHP's `error_reporting`.
- So by saying "errors which level passes `error_reporting`" I meant to say "errors which level is included in `error_reporting`" - maybe "included" is a better term than "passes" (or "past" :)
